adding notes for preprov challenges (#3959)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.1/release-notes/index.md

- Node Feature Discovery 0.8.2
- Nvidia Node Feature Discovery 0.4.1

> ### Building on a CentOS OS using Pre-provisioned

Reviewer: Is this an always and forever thing Matt? If yes, then we should find a section in the pre provisioned docs. If this is ONLY a thing that impacts 2.1 but no future version, then this is the right place. LMK your thinking @msdolbey

> ### Building on a CentOS OS using Pre-provisioned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build on a CentOS OS using pre-provisioned
```

> If you are deploying to CentOS using the [pre-provisioned provider](../choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned) method, you will need to ensure this setting is followed on your machines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are deploying to CentOS using the [pre-provisioned provider](../choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned) method, ensure this setting is followed on your machines:
```

> First, check your `/etc/fstab` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. First, check your `/etc/fstab` file:
```

```sh
cat /etc/fstab
```

> If there is the line, you will need to comment that out:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Comment out the line, if it exists:
```

```sh
/dev/mapper/centos-swap swap                    swap    defaults        0 0
```

This will then look like this:

```sh
# /dev/mapper/centos-swap swap                    swap    defaults        0 0
```

Then, run:

```sh
swapoff /dev/mapper/centos-swap
```

> Now you will be able to install a pre-provisioned DKP cluster on a CentOS machine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now can now install a pre-provisioned DKP cluster on a CentOS machine.
```
